[SvgIcon] Allow viewBox to inherit from Component through inheritViewBox prop (#29954)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/icons/icons.md

This component extends the native `<svg>` element:

- It comes with built-in accessibility.

> - SVG elements should be scaled for a 24x24px viewport so that the resulting icon can be used as is, or included as a child for other MUI components that use icons. (This can be customized with the `viewBox` attribute, to inherit `viewBox` value from original image `inheritViewBox` attribute can be used).

Reviewer: At this point, the parenthesis probably is not relevant.

```suggestion
- SVG elements should be scaled for a 24x24px viewport so that the resulting icon can be used as-is, or included as a child for other MUI components that use icons. This can be customized with the `viewBox` attribute, to inherit `viewBox` value from the original image `inheritViewBox` attribute can be used.
```

> - SVG elements should be scaled for a 24x24px viewport so that the resulting icon can be used as is, or included as a child for other Material-UI components that use icons. (This can be customized with the `viewBox` attribute, to inherit `viewBox` value from original image `inheritViewBox` attribute can be used).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- SVG elements should be scaled for a 24x24px viewport so that the resulting icon can be used as is, or included as a child for other MUI components that use icons. (This can be customized with the `viewBox` attribute, to inherit `viewBox` value from original image `inheritViewBox` attribute can be used).
```
